- Explain the purpose of the Test (what the original test exposed, and what your test expose)

The purpose of the original test was to look at each snapshot and match it up against a file.
Every time the test succeeded, it would add to a counter.
This means that we would never get any information about what the result of each test was, just how many of them that passed.
The test that I wrote provides information regarding how many tests passed/failed and what the expected and actualt result is.

- Explain about Parameterized Tests in JUnit and how you have used it in this exercise

Parameterized tests goal is to be able to execute the same test over and over again, 
but with different parameters, that come from an array of inputs.
For the Java Test Class that I made, I used a file (containing a car plate), and a string containing the expected 
values of that plate.
It then compares the values found in the files of the 2 defined paths.

- Explain the topic Data Driven Testing, and why it often makes a lot of sense to read test-data from a file.

Data Driven Testing is when you test something while loading inputs from a seperate file.
This file contains both inputs and the expected results.
This way it's easy to expand with more inputs, since you only need to add more to the file,
which you load from, and the code won't need to be changed.

- Your answers to the question; whether what you implemented was a Unit Test or a JUnit Test, 
the problems you might have discovered with the test and, your suggestions for ways this 
could have been fixed.

I implemented a unit test using the JUnit Framework.
Unit testing is used to test small functionalities, usually a single method/function at a time,
so that you can isolate single pieces of code, to better detect if that part of the code is broken,
or have issues.

- The steps you took to include Hamcrest matchers in the project, and the difference
they made for the test

I added the neccesary dependency to the pom file.
As mentioned earlier, using Hamcrest means that we get more accurate test results, since we can see
the actual results (passed/failed and why).
Hamcrest also provides more readable code.
